1. Git is a version control system that lets you manage and keep track of your source code history while a GitHub is a cloud-based hosting service that lets you manage Git repositories. for example, if theres any open source program code that uses git repositories, the github helps in managing 
2.few of the benefits of version control system are:
  (A)Version control system helps in recording changes made to a file or series of file
  (B)designed for cordinating work among programmers
  (c)It enhances more work flexibility i.e it is mostly geared towards software development
  (d) It also allows one to compare and dfiferentiate files and merges the changes if need to.
3.programming languages are used in Git preferably high level languages.
4. Examples of git repository hosting service providers are Github, Gitlab, Bitbucket, lauchpad, google cloud source repository...
5. A repository in a git keeps record of series of changes made to files in a container, the container serves as a placehold where all the records could be easily tracked, Distributed Version Control System: Git has a remote repository which is stored in a server and a local repository which is stored in the computer...
6.(A) working in github environment select a new repository
  (B) create a short name for your repository
  (c) adding a description but its usually optional
  (D) choose to make the repository either either public or private
  (E) initiates this repository with a README.
  (F) click create repository
7. Gits command are command used in a Git world, few are
  (A) git add usage :: git add[file]
  (B) git commit usage :: git commit -m "type in commit msg"
  (C) git diff usage :: git diff
  (D) git reset usage :: git rest[file]
  (E) git push usage :: git push [variable name]master
8.Git is an open source distributed version-control system for tracking changes in source code during software development.
9. .git directory folder contains and log every commit history and every other information required for a remote repository version control.
10.  If the .git/ directory gets deleted, then there would be lose track of a project's history. The repository will no longer be under version control(github). 